# Deep-Learning-HW2
The second homework of Deep Learning course at Sharif University of Technology

The fully-connected-networks.py is the implementation of fully-connected neural network.
It contains all details such as backpropagation, optimizers, dropout.
Q1 notebook file evaluate the implemented neural network. To see results, see that.


Q2 notebook is implementation of forward-forward algorithm and training a neural network on MNIST.
This algorithm has been explained in a paper from Mr.Geoffrey Hinton.
paper link: https://www.cs.toronto.edu/~hinton/FFA13.pdf

## Implemented Paper Abstract:

The aim of this paper is to introduce a new learning procedure for neural networks and to demonstrate that it works well enough on a few small problems to be worth further investigation. The Forward-Forward algorithm replaces the forward and backward passes of backpropagation by two forward passes, one with positive (i.e. real) data and the other with negative data which could be generated by the network itself. Each layer has its own objective function which is simply to have high goodness for positive data and low goodness for negative data. The sum of the squared activities in a layer can be used as the goodness but there are many other possibilities, including minus the sum of the squared activities. If the positive and negative passes could be separated in time, the negative passes could be done offline, which would make the learning much simpler in the positive pass and allow video to be pipelined through the network without ever storing activities or stopping to propagate derivatives.
